have you wondered how you could have
found such a treasure the gods have a
plan for you
a destiny I've seen its power with my
own eyes
releasing the sand turns back time only
the holder of the dagger is aware of
what's happening
how did you do that
only the dagger can unlock the sands of
time and there are those who would use
this power to destroy the world time
will it raise everything the only way to
stop this Armageddon is for us to take
the dagger to the secret guardian temple
we must take it there Dustin you really
enjoy Tara to do it don't you only
because you're so good at following
orders yeah don't press your luck a
sentence they strike terror into the
heart of all they cross such a noble
Prince leaping to assist the Fallen
beauty who said you were a beauty there
must be a reason why you can't take your
eyes off me
yawn I finally
the high temple it's guarded by some
sort of demon
Dustin where's the dagger welcome to
search me for it I have to be very
thorough
it's time
we're to get out of here
you